
here are the decriptions :) i dont know if you want to use this information but all this dishes are vegan 

breakfast:

.) frenchtoast Roll-ups with a spicy apple and cinamon filling, with strawberry youghurt,
	fresh fruits and nuts as well as some apple compote

.) semolina porrige with poppy seeds and a nice tangy plum compote

.)banana-blueberry pancakes with some blueberry jam 

.)strawberry rhubarb porridge with fresh berrys and nuts

.) big breakfast-picture: breade with some vegan butter fresh fruits and vegetables

small dishes:

.)flammkuchen with a topping of smoky mushroomes and mixed vegetables

.) gullasch soup with jackfruit pieces and some oniony roasted bread


main-dishes:

.) malfadine with a nice bolognes sauce 

.) burger with a nice brioche bun filled with roasted vegetables,
 salad, tomatoes and pickles with homefries, corn on the colb and a carrot, 
lambs-lattuce salad and homemade herbbutter

.) chilli sin carne with toasted fladbread and sour cream

.)home made gyoza dumplings with fried noodles

.) potatoe pancakes with a small mixed salad and a garlic soure cream sauce

.)vegan köttbüllar with traditional mushed potatoes and grilled mediteranian vegetables

.) leak-quiche with a side of tomato salad and garden herb-sauce 

.)homemade ravioli with a mushroom filling in wild garlic pesto

.) spagetthi with a sweet and sour tomato sauce made out of datterino tomaoes to give it its nice sweet flavor

.)grilled Zuccini with a filling of dried tomatoes herbs olives as well as 
pine seeds with a side of a nice lemony and garlicy mashed potatoe as well as some sauteed spinach

.)nicly spiced thai curry with a side of jasmin and wild rice.

desserts:

.)homemade carrot cake with a pinch of cinamon and a almond based lemon frosting

.)vanilla rice pudding with a sweet and tangy strawberry rhubarb compote 

.)homemade chocloate cake with a creamy cocolate filling

.)strawberry rhubarb tarte with a bottom layer of strawberry rhubarb compote 
followed by a vanilla coconut cream and topped with some fresh strawberrys


